Hi, everyone, in this lecture, we are going to remove superheroes from the local storage.
All right, so now so far, what we've done is whenever we enter a superhero inside this little ad,
this input, this form, and when we when we click this add superhero, it is going to be added to our
list as well as the local storage.
But the problem and the final thing that we need to accomplish here is that whenever we remove a superhero
from this list, the local storage is not being updated.
So if I were to remove, for example, Hawkeye from here, you can see that we still get high Harki
here.
Now, the problem arises whenever we reload the page.
So when we reload the page, because on the reload, our superheroes are going to be retrieved from
the local storage.
And because we did not remove it from there, the high is going to return back.
Right.
So that's what we are going to do in this lecture.
So first off, we are going to calm down, come down here.
And I told you before that we are going to come back to this section because what we are trying to do
is whenever I click on this trash icon, I want to remove the superhero from the list as well as the
local storage.
So removing it from the list that's done.
So let's go ahead and remove it from the local storage.
What is the class that is related to local storage?
That is the superhero class.
I've just commented this out, this class.
So it is visible where the classes are, where they start and where they finish.
So what we are going to do down here, first off, we need to find out which superhero it is that we
have clicked on.
We know what it is because of the Trijicon.
But the thing is, we need to match this superhero on the list to the superhero, which is to the same
superhero which is stored in the local storage.
What do I mean by that?
So if I click on this trash icon and if I say one, I click on the trash, I can say, let's come here
and say the e-mail.
Let's go over the theory first and then the implementation.
So all the superheroes are inside this list.
Right.
So if I say if I click on this trash icon, remove a fuel, that's very simple to do.
That is very simple to execute, but which you tell it is that this that the that should be removed,
which you will is we don't know which one it is because all of them, they have the same I.D. We don't
know which you it is that we need to remove.
We know that when we collect the trash removal you will, but which you will do, we want to remove
or specifically which object it is that we want to remove.
So each Udall is represented by an object.
If I click on this, it is going to remove a object and it is going to remove the first one.
But that's not what we want.
We want to find out our target superhero.
And then when we find out our collect superhero, then we can remove our target superhero.
So the cliqued superhero is going to give us the superheroes name associated with that trash icon.
So with this trash icon, what does the superhero name associated?
Superman.
So the reason that we are not going to use universe is because we can see that we have multiple, multiple
occurrences of the same universe.
So if I click on the trash icon and if I say when I click on the trash, I can remove Marvel, it is
going to remove all occurrences of Marvel.
We cannot say power because power is not unique as well.
We need something that's unique.
For example, like Superman flies, Shazam flies, ihram and flies and maybe like you like the flying
thing more often.
So that's why you like you like the superheroes.
So if you if you see when I click on this trash, remove the fly, it might remove multiple superpowers.
What is the unique thing about this?
Less that is the name of the superhero.
So what I am going to do here is I'm going to say Consed and I'm going to call this variable collect
superhero and we are going to say E, which is going to give us the target, the where we're where we
click.
Then we go into the target from the target.
We are going to grab the previous previous element.
Aliment.
Sibling.
So what is this previous element, sibling?
All right, so it's been five minutes, but I'm not going to cut this because we need to complete this
part.
All right.
This is all very, very connected.
So if I cut it, then the connection, the continuity is going to be disturbed.
So what?
I'm going to go ahead and call our comment out this part and I'm going to say council log.
First off, let's track our eat our event object, which is related to this click event.
So if I come here and if I click on this trash and if I come inside the console, we can see an event
as far.
So let's reload.
Let's recheck it.
So if I click on this, this event is fine.
So what do we want to do when this event is fired?
We are going to go into Target.
The target is going to give us that specific element on which the click the click event has been fired.
And you can see that the class name of that is if a dash of a trash, we use this class name to remove
that element.
That's besides the point at this point.
We want to know we want what do we want to do?
We want when we click on this troche icon, we want to remove the superhero from the local story.
So what I'm going to do, the way that I'm going to tackle this is we are going to go into the previous
element, siblings.
So what is the previous element sibling that's come in here?
Superhero, less real, less data.
So, for example, this is the trash icon that we click on, right?
So this is the illi.
Why is it.
It should be.
This is the trash icon that we click on when I click on the trash icon.
OK, get the previous element sibling, which is this one.
This is this Ellyse, the previous element sibling.
Then the second layer of the second previous element sibling is going to be this one and the third previous
element sibling is going to be this one.
And what is the text content of this one.
It's Superman, because the way the the reason that we are going three levels of previous sibling is
because we want to get to the Superman.
When we get to the Superman, we're going to get the text content.
When we get to the text content, we are going to compare this text content with this text content,
which is right here with this one.
When both of them match, then we remove it from the local storage.
Right.
So this is the theory.
Let's go ahead and let's implement it.
So we have gone to either target and then that previous element sibling.
Now, what is the previous element?
Siblings, text content, content that's come down.
So it's aim.
So right away.
Let me just if I reload, this is going to go away.
So think of it like it is humor.
So we are at the power level.
So if I go back one level more, we are going to go to the universe.
So one level more.
And if I come to the text content, OK, it's right here.
You can see that this is the universe, right?
Marvel.
You can grab the text content.
You can you can grab the outer text.
It's not specifically the text content that you can grab, but you can grab the text content, the outer
content.
You can grab the inner text as well, or in this case, you can grab the inner shimmer.
So it's it's your choice between these four.
You can grab any of them.
I'm just going to grab the text content, which makes the most sense.
So let's go one step backwards, one more step.
And if I come here, you can see that now the inner text is Harki.
It means that we are at the level of the name.
So we have selected the name.
And if I come into the text content, we are going to see the same thing.
So we set it up.
Target that previous element, sibling, that previous element, sibling dot.
Previously on either target, previous element, sibling dot, previous element, sibling Dutroux.
So on the sibling and then dot text content.
So.
If I say let me just copy, this one is very difficult to write and let's put it here.
So I'm going to say previous Alamin siblings, we had three times that.
All right.
So we are going to say, let's copy it.
Let's say that previous 11 siblings and that present elements, sibling and then text content.
So now let's say that the page is reloaded.
We are inside the console.
So if I click on this Strache, we need to get we should get Antman.
A cake and a target of undefined.
K e o.
There are two times this target should be one.
Say it once more and let's come here, so if I click on this, we get flash, you can see we get the
hero name Superman Black Panther, and then we get Takai in.
And if I reload, we are going to get them back.
But the reason is because we have not removed him from here.
So now that we have successfully grabbed this one, I'm going to do as I'm going to store it, store
this result inside this variable constant, and I'm going to get rid of this console lock.
So what do we want to do with this result in here?
We are going to call our superstore superhero class and we are going to create another method.
And I'm going to say remove superhero and what it is that we are going to pass.
Yes, we are going to pass the collect superhero.
Now, we are yet to create this method.
So let's go.
You know what?
I'm not going to create it in this video because there are actually two things that we need to do.
The first thing is grabbing the superhero, the superhero, and the second thing is passing it inside
this function, which we are going to create in our next lecture.
So see you guys then.